Let's get into our services challenge.
So what we need you to do is
create a lesson service and
then move this course lessons data
structure into the service and
then service it back to our components.
So from the command line,
we'll just go ng g s.
And so this is just short for
ng, generate service and
we're gonna go
shared/services/lessons -d for
dry run, and it looks good to me.
Make sure I didn't spell anything wrong.
And we'll add this in, good to go.
And then what we'll do is we're going to,
and
further conversation, well,
I'm going to do this just so
we can see in our app module,
we're going to go LessonsService.
Did that import?
Yes, it did, very good.
And now, let's go into our home component.
And we're going to inject this,
so we'll go private.
LessonsService.
And then from here,
I'm just going to chop this out.
And actually what I'll do,
I'll copy that because I'll
need that in a moment, and
I'll just set this to null.
Now, in our, LessonsService,
we're going to go here and what I'm gonna
do is I'm just gonna call this lessons,
it seems to me a little bit
more semantically correct.
And then what I'm gonna
do is I will set this to
private since I did this
in the previous example.
And we'll just go all return this lessons,
all right?
Now, back in our home component,
when we go to ngOnInit,
will go this.courseLessons
= this.lessonsService.all,
so we'll call this now, just so
we can see this in action.
If I take this private off, notice that
it doesn't exist on type home component.
And so this is kind of some TypeScript
voodoo magic where if you add in this
access modifier,
then it adds it as a member of the class.
So let me save this.
Let me go back to my lessonsService and
let me just create some,
One more maybe possible
data structure in here.
And we're gonna have a lesson on YOLO,
all right?
We'll hop in here and
let's go into go home, there we go.
So pretty straightforward,
the one thing that I'll do in closing
on this challenge is that I
find like the most kind of
grievous things that happen
in an application such as hidden state
breaking the single responsibility
principle nested logic structures.
And in this case where you have,
essentially logic and the wrong
abstraction, in theory is that we saw how
quickly I was able to just extract or
extract out that data structure and
move it into its appropriate place.
And so I think the thing here is when
you have something in your codebase,
where you got this large,
monolithic component, it's very easy
to start to move that and break that
out into its appropriate classes.
And so this is when I talk
about refactoring by promotion,
this is really what it comes down to.
It's actually pulling out something that
doesn't belong at that abstraction or
at that level, and
then moving it into a smaller,
more precise, fine grained method or
class that handles just that thing.
And so it's a lot of just pulling things
apart and putting them into their place.